# Engineering Technical communication
This repository contains the project report of "Infrastructure improvement for the bus stop stations" done during the course Engineering Technical Communication at the University of Windsor in summer 2018.

This report outlines a proposal to improve and develop the current bus stop stations and or build new stations that could shelter people to support and assist individuals to have a decent and agreeable transportation framework. But as an improvement or change always comes at a price, the primary focus is looking for an economically viable solution. This proposed solution will encompass the heating/cooling system to regulate and maintain the temperature inside bus stops. The interior of the bus stop chamber will have a strong insulating fibreglass layer that can hold the temperature inside as per the requirement which will help the travellers to wait for their transport without any issues. Electronic panels or screens inside the station to show the buses routes, schedules and time for the bus to reach the station.

The goal of this project was performing as a team player in a diverse environment with unknown team members and complete every task professionally within the given time frame. However, the outcome of the project as a student was learning accountability, integrity, professionalism and teamwork. Most Importantly, the skill of technical communication was enhanced by presenting the research orally in front of the broad knowledgeable audiences and submitted as a written report.
